in the morning Luna and apke golf
hunting it must be so difficult for them
to keep leaving the young ones but at
least I'll watch over the den while
they're gone
this is my chance to get a closer look
at the pups
I cannot believe and I'm this closer to
move box a day is beyond my wildest
dreams
at this distance you can really get I
get few of these bumps and the reason
for being so close is really just to try
and distinguish one from the other
it seems that the smallest pop is the
most dominant wonder there's not much
any size wise but just being this close
you can tell the one is marginally
smaller but considerably more dominant
it's the dominant part but it seems to
be the most adventurous one they can
ranked in order there's super
adventurous adventurous I'd stay home
well seems to the same that one that
stays back it's kind of kind of
but others to head further out when
they're together I can see a hierarchy
between the pops but it's still
difficult to tell them apart now I'm in
a unique position to see how they
develop
this is the best babysitting job I've
ever had it's amazing really to be
trusted and accepted by wild animal
wolves are super cool
uh I've I've been really amazed by them
amazed by how they live and also means
by how they've let me get so close to
them
it's amazing room to form some came
cross-species relationship with rules to
the point that they'll they look after
their young while they go off hunting
if that's not being welcomed into the
pack I don't know what is
I don't want to take my eyes off them
until the adults return but there's no
way of telling how long they'll be gone